Some of the same pundits
we've referenced already,
also highlights
significant deltas
in the residential marketplace.
Essentially demographic changes,
emphasis on
certain preferences in
transaction type or outcomes
that are really resulting
in some of the disruptions.
Focusing especially on
the financing side but
not limited to the financing side
of real estate transactions.
Affordability. For example
referencing millennials who
reportedly in the data
spend a greater share
of income on rent than
previous generations,
reflecting a preference not
to own but in fact to lease.
According to census data,
millennials are more
likely to live at
home than others in previous
generations at the same age.
The proportion of US citizens
who had married, kids,
and a job and lived on
their own by age 34
collapsed from
about 45 percent in
1975 to 24 percent
recently in 2016.
In addition, where there
are jobs that people like,
home ownership is often out of
the question for those who
are not earning high wages.
For example, one apropos
geographic arena
San Francisco has seen
a median sales price
of almost $1.4
million focusing
on affordability.
Firms like Divvy,
which is a rent to
own marketplace and which is
an alternative to
mortgages at a time when
credit for substantial purchases
has been rationed
provides alternatives.
Bungelow which
combines a marketplace
for roommates with property
managers we see disruption.
Second, some point
to a desire to have
a community for workplaces
in living places.
Again, referencing
the millennial generation.
Who represent the first part
of the workforce to operate
entirely with the advent
of smartphones and in
constant connectivity,
they've engineered or they've
been experiencing a focus on
digital community 24 hour
a day at the expense of
traditional community activity.
So it may be internally
important for those people,
including those who
are younger but
not limited to those who are
younger to have community.
Tech trends of course should
be expected to follow
that general preference
and of course
startups are likely to follow.
What Nareche and
Lynn describe "Our
longer work hours making
community harder to
build organically,
millennials In other words
placing value on
landlords and employers who
facilitate it for them."
Again, referencing we work.
Then of course flexibility.
With the immediacy inherent in
the demand economy the "Gig
Economy" enabled about
technology and all kinds of
areas highlighting what has
become important for
many workers and
consumers flexibility,
furniture rentals, outsourcing of
temporary transient
workplace technologies
and workplace
physical structures.
It's often treated like
a tech business Feather,
Fernish and CasaOne are
online shopping and offline
delivery companies.
The company Knack
has a model that I
find personally
very interesting of
buying a new home
for a customer for
cash before the customer lists
their old home actually.
That company helps
with renovations and
financing still within
the six percent commission rule.
But now again split
traditionally between
buyer and seller.